core(a11y): upgrade axe-core to 4.1.1, update a11y audits (#11661)
GoogleChrome/lighthouse: docs/scoring.md

## How is the accessibility score calculated?

<!-- node lighthouse-core/scripts/print-a11y-scoring.js -->

<!-- TODO: need a commit first to update url ... -->

> The accessibility score is a weighted average. The specific weights, at the time of publishing, are [as follows](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/lighthouse/blob/080c6b4b9fec6dfcaf8e0cd8d09c3224465e4fd3/lighthouse-core/config/default-config.js#L450-L491):

Author: Can we just link to master?

## How is the accessibility score calculated?

> <!-- node lighthouse-core/scripts/print-a11y-scoring.js -->

Reviewer: I skipped over without parsing. What about something like this to make it slightly more obvious:

```suggestion
<!-- To regnerate score weights, run `node lighthouse-core/scripts/print-a11y-scoring.js`-->
```

The accessibility score is a weighted average. The specific weights for v7 are as follows:

> (See the [v6 scoring explanation](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/lighthouse/blob/v6.5.0/docs/scoring.md#how-is-the-accessibility-score-calculated))

Author: I don't understand. Are you suggesting to remove this parenthetical?

> (See the [v6 scoring explanation](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/lighthouse/blob/v6.5.0/docs/scoring.md#how-is-the-accessibility-score-calculated))

Reviewer: Ohhhh, I missed that it's a link to the v6.5.0 docs specifically. Disregard!

## How is the accessibility score calculated?

<!-- node lighthouse-core/scripts/print-a11y-scoring.js -->

> <!-- TODO: need a commit first to update url ... -->

Reviewer 2: reminder note to update this before landing, we can do this without merging :)

Author: I meant to delete this comment. I edited the paragraph. wdyt?

Reviewer 2: yeah wfm, remove TODO then 👍 :)

The accessibility score is a weighted average. The specific weights for v7 are as follows:

> (go [here](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/lighthouse/blob/v6.5.0/docs/scoring.md#how-is-the-accessibility-score-calculated) for v6)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
(See the [v6 scoring explanation](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/lighthouse/blob/v6.5.0/docs/scoring.md#how-is-the-accessibility-score-calculated))
```

maybe? :) #seo #dogfood
